[Salvador Villalon] Apply i18n String translation to Tools (#39)
code-dot-org/piskel: README.md

* Push the commit and tag to github.
* Publish the new release package to npm.

> ## i18n
> i18n which stands for internalization is being applied to Piskel to allows for all content in Piskel to be translated
> 
> Currently there is a directory called i18n which contains the locale directory. In this directory, you
> will find all the string translations in JSON format. Each file is named as follows: languageCode_countryCode
> 
> For example: en_us.json where en is English and us is United States
> 
> The strings that we will be used depend on the window.locale. window.locale is the 4 letter locale
> code defined by users of the Piskel library so they can optionally load non-English strings
> into the Piskel UI. For example "en_us" or "es_es"
> window.locales will contains all strings available, then we will use window.locale to select the language
> we want strings to be in. All of this is happening here: var i18n = window.locales[window.locale];
> 
> To see how each key becomes a function look at the tasks/build-i18n.js file where we use the MessageFormat API
> 

Reviewer: Here are some edits. I tried to focus on minimizing the amount of language used, added more Markdown formatting, and also linked directly to resources. Let me know what you think and feel free to change what  I wrote here.
````suggestion
## Internationalization (i18n)
The Piskel UI can support different languages by setting the `window.locale` to a four letter locale code, i.e. `en_us`, `es_mx`, etc.

The available strings are in `i18n/locales` directory and each locale has its own file. For example: `en_us.json` where `en` is English and `us` is United States
Note that en_us.json should contain all available strings because this is the locale other languages will fallback to if a translation from English doesn't exist.

The strings for all the languages are loaded into `window.locales` and the language specific strings can be accessed using the four letter locale code. For example:
```
var i18n = window.locales[window.locale];
console.log(i18n.simplePenDrawingTool());
```

The JSON files are converted to Javascript files during the build in `tasks/build-i18n.js`.  The [MessageFormat](http://messageformat.github.io/messageformat/) library is used to convert the static JSON strings into Javascript functions so dynamic content can be injected into the strings.

````
